JS: Update Angular Client Request's with API graph and `Tanstack` Angular modeling (#18975)
github/codeql: javascript/ql/lib/change-notes/2025-03-11-tanstack-angular.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Added support for the `@tanstack/angular-query-experimental`.
> * Improved `Angular Client Request` flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for the `@tanstack/angular-query-experimental` package.
* Improved support for the `@angular/common/http` package, detecting outgoing HTTP requests in more cases.
```
